hello again they'll do a quick video on
this product here is called tub David
tubs final finish and basically what
this is it's a lapping kit I don't know
if you guys have heard of boar laughing
there's you can do it manually and then
there's what's called fire lapping and
it's basically this is basically the
fire lapping kit basically what it is
these are this is for a two to three
caliber rifle so basically these
projectiles come imbedded with different
with varying coarseness of polishing
compound so this is the coarsest all the
way up to the finest and what this
basically does is basically laps your
barrel it they claim it does improve
accuracy I have seen that personally
worst case I have found that actually
accuracy does not improve but cleaning
the barrel greatly improves typically
I've had barrels it you know you scrub
and scrub and scrub scrub and finally
they come clean and after running this
kit through them you know the first four
or five patches come out just black and
then boom they start to come light gray
and then boom you're done so absolutely
in a worse case no acts of improvement
but it does help the short in the
cleaning time so it basically it is
doing sidings basically is smoothing out
your boar so I bought this kit here this
is I bought for the two to three wild
build that I just put together I've
rebuilt that it was a few things that I
had you know weren't quite right so
fixed that and I figure what the process
because why I did clean it after I
firing it it was some copper fouling so
figure well worst case this will help
the cleaning process and possibly even
maybe tighten up some groups make you
know if there's a burr on the crown that
I missed or something like that so
basically what you do you love this as
you would any other normal projectile
you start with this first you first want
to clean your barrel you run these ten
through and you clean your barrel make
sure that you get everything in you know
as much as clean as possible I guess and
then you just run the next ten clean
again next ten
and you know your repeat until your
completed you basically want to load the
like I said load these like any other
normal round you want to load it on the
low side I'm going to take basically the
minimum load and drop it five ten
percent something in that range make it
you know very mild load that is supposed
to well that's in the instructions that
you should use a minimum load I'm going
to take a minimum and then minus five to
ten percent so this is what it is it's
they come in pretty much every Wednesday
but pretty much every calleb I've ever
had to require you can get it for
pistols rifles I've actually used this
kit kit little kid back there I ran this
this previous kit it was also a two to
three run this on the two to one
fireball and it seemed to make a bit of
a difference thing the groups got more
consistent and then actually what I'm
using for now is just you know I had put
your brushes in the show yeah put a
bonus I guess so anyway if you haven't
checked out this kit or if you're just
curious about what fire lapping does
just you know Google I'm sure there's
other videos that much better than this
it actually demonstrates the actual
process of laughing a barrel and it's in
my experience it's it's helped either
with accuracy or the time it takes to
get a barrel clean and I've actually had
some old Mosin Nagant barrels they're
just very dark brand this kit through
them and why they weren't shiny you
could see they were much you know had a
bit more of a sheen to it so it did
remove a lot of the crap and junk and
everything so there it is you can get
this Sukkot I got from Midway but I'm
sure you can get from any other online
retailer there's no focus these are a
couple of the listed loads or calibers
you can get alright signing out bye